Add blog post on adding safety check to chrome://extensions (#7099)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/extension-safety-hub/index.md

---

> title: "Bringing Safety Check to the chrome://extensions page"

Author: It is: https://www.google.com/chrome/explore-privacy/

> title: "Bringing Safety Check to the chrome://extensions page"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Bringing Safety check to the chrome://extensions page"
```

> title: "Bringing Safety Check to the chrome://extensions page"

Reviewer: Be sure the capitalize it the same as on the page you linked to.

> description: "Starting in Chrome 117, Chrome will proactively flag to users when an extension they have installed is no longer in the Chrome Web Store."  

Author: I'm not sure the new wording is correct - I was using "flag" to mean "indicate to the user" rather than showing a literal flag. Would the following work?
```suggestion
description: "Starting in Chrome 117, Chrome will proactively highlight to users when an extension they have installed is no longer in the Chrome Web Store."  
```

> description: "Starting in Chrome 117, Chrome will proactively flag to users when an extension they have installed is no longer in the Chrome Web Store."  

Reviewer: SGTM

layout: "layouts/blog-post.njk"
authors:
  - oliverdunk
date: 2023-08-16
tags:
  - extensions-news
---

Starting in Chrome 117, Chrome will proactively flag to users when an extension they have installed is no longer in the Chrome Web Store. This is limited to three specific cases:

> - The extension has been unpublished by the developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The extension was taken down by the developer.
```

Author: Do you feel strongly on this? While they mean the same in general they have very different meanings to developers - "taken down" usually has negative connotations and is associated with something we do for malicious activity, whereas "unpublished" just means a developer deciding to unlist their extension. I used the two in different places intentionally.

- The extension has been taken down for violating Chrome Web Store policy.
- The item was marked as malware.

> If an issue has been resolved, the notification will be automatically cleared. The notification will not be displayed for an extension which has been [notified of a possible violation][violation-notification] and has been given time to address the issue or appeal.

Reviewer: Please rewrite the second sentence. Extensions aren't notified, nor do they address issues. These are true of developers.

> If an issue has been resolved, the notification will be automatically cleared. The notification will not be displayed for an extension which has been [notified of a possible violation][violation-notification] and has been given time to address the issue or appeal.

Author: How's this?

```suggestion
If an issue is resolved, the notification is automatically cleared. The notification will not be displayed for an extension when the developer has been [notified of a possible violation][violation-notification] and has been given time to address the issue or appeal.
```

> If an issue has been resolved, the notification will be automatically cleared. The notification will not be displayed for an extension which has been [notified of a possible violation][violation-notification] and has been given time to address the issue or appeal.

Reviewer: SGTM

For most users, they are most likely to encounter this feature in the "Privacy and security" section of the settings page.

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/wVNVUJS8Z8O04i1tJKSdsp6nkRQ2/QgVuPAOzxISY05yD7cND.png", alt="Chrome will highlight these extensions in the Privacy and security settings", width="800", height="537", class="screenshot" %}
  <figcaption>

>   Chrome will highlight these extensions in the Privacy and security settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Chrome will highlight these extensions in the "Privacy and security" settings.
```

  </figcaption>
</figure>

> When clicking "Review", they will be taken to their extensions and given the choice to either remove the extension or hide the warning if they wish to keep the extension installed. As in previous versions of Chrome, extensions marked as malware are automatically disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users click "Review", they will be taken to their extensions and given the choice to either remove the extension or hide the warning if they wish to keep the extension installed. As in previous versions of Chrome, extensions marked as malware are automatically disabled.
```

> When clicking "Review", they will be taken to their extensions and given the choice to either remove the extension or hide the warning if they wish to keep the extension installed. As in previous versions of Chrome, extensions marked as malware are automatically disabled.

Reviewer: This needs a transition to indicate that you stopped talking about users and started talking about developers.

Author: I'm not sure I follow. This is still talking about things a user can do.

Reviewer: 'review' and 'their extensions' made me think you had switched contexts. I made a suggestion that clarifies the matter. (I think I would have made this suggestion even if I hadn't misinterpreted the sentence.)

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/wVNVUJS8Z8O04i1tJKSdsp6nkRQ2/gd6k7qB6YZNSiU6Bdc4l.png", alt="Two extensions that are no longer present in the Chrome Web Store show on the chrome://extensions page", width="800", height="537", class="screenshot" %}
  <figcaption>

>   Two extensions that are no longer present in the Chrome Web Store show on the chrome://extensions page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Two extensions that are no longer present in the Chrome Web Store show on the chrome://extensions page.
```

  </figcaption>
</figure>

> We have designed this change to keep the ecosystem safe for users while limiting the chances that this will impact genuine extensions.

Reviewer: I'd putr this in the opening paragraph right before 'This is limited ..."

Author: I'd prefer to keep it here if that's ok - my hope is that it brings the framing back to the top of people's minds at the end of the post :)

Reviewer: In proper rhetorical style (intro, elaboration, conclusion) it would be in both the intro and conclusion. In web writing we tend to drop the conclusion since it's widely believed that no one reads it. This is a case where you can and should repeat it (though not necessarily with the same words). 

In any case, I'd still insist that you put this idea in the introduction. You're not bringing the framing back because you didn't state this in the introduction to begin with.
